It has come to my attention that I am an absolute Neanderthal

I did NOT apparently, setup my Python Project on the SDK properly

The only reason why it works is

1. I did not use any dependency
2. It only requires 3 files to works
3. Sheer Dumb Luck
4. (Also maybe because I deal with Pure Data)

And due to that, I uhhhhhh.......

Well, EVENTUALLY I, or someone else, would have to do this, YEA!?!?!

But NOW... Hear Me Out

Script Makers are not programmers
^ They are, this is terrible excuse

AND LIKE if I went this long without realizing that imports doesn't works
Or that there are no __init__.py anywhere in this codebase...
^ It's pure dumb Luck

This just means that I can, ONCE AGAIN! Avoid the Problem Like a Coward!!!
^ This part is true

So... Let's think about it...

If I am a script maker, what would I want???

How do I want to get this... "Zen" sort of thing????

Hmmmmmm...

Okay, what is it that the Script Maker make?

No, even more specific, what are Script Maker? Who's gonna use my SDK?

- Mod Maker
- Modpack Maker
- Standalone Script Maker

Mod Maker can deal with Minecraft, they can deal with this.

Okay, bad, bad Iteranya, you gotta want to make this thing as comfy as possible.

Which one of my user has the LEAST amount of experience in coding????

Standalone Script Maker, writers and artists.

So, I have to make this thing as super friendly to artists and writers as possible~

(Ahem)

So, we'll design something that artists and writers would want to use... 

I can't make a GUI so they still need code editor

Therefore, I have to start with the simplest thing imaginable

Step 1: Make an empty folder
Step 2: `git clone https://github.com/Iteranya/MobTalkerSDK`
Step 3: Open the thing in VS code
Step 4: Start working

Adding Step 5 like venv, build dependency, etc, will just overcomplicate stuff you see???

Anyway, let's see... What's the easiest way they can start working?????

Template,  definitely, so I'll just have to make something that helps them get started.

But before that, how do I want them to work on the project????

Well... First I want them to define who the characters are...

So... they open thingy and "Oh, let's make a character"

And they can start Nyoomin*
*nyoomin - Verb, a word used to describe the act of continuing what one sets up to do.

So, here's the general workflow:

- Make character
- Write dialogue
- Compile
- Send to Minecraft
- Profit???????

...

Yea??? MAYBE YES!?

Or maybe I'm doing this the wrong way.

Maybe forcing my ideal of simplicity is not always the right way of doing things?
I can't keep avoiding my problems, sooner or later, the tech debt will caught up to me.
People will question if I even doing this properly, if I even have the best intention in mind, if...

If...
...

Lol, lmao, just kidding, fuck the  proper route.

I'm a Toy Maker not a Developer. 
And this shit is marked as choking hazard.

Anyway, let's continue. 

How do I make 'character creation'  easy???

Well, just slap em together in the Script!!!

How do I make 'write dialogue creation' easy???

Well just slap em together in the Script!!!

What if they want to get organized?

Creating multiple dialogue files?

...

...

See... the dialogue file is just a flat dict that gets processed into a json array... right???

So...

dictArray1+dictArray2 = theDictArray

Compile theDictArray into FSM

...

Am I... Am I wrong???

Like... That's it, just, combine the two

And like, how to connect them???

jumpTo and label??? Same logic as how you jump from different part of the script.

Everything gets combined into a single script.

It works cross-file too

Let's not overcomplicate this yea?